= Redmine Issue Badge Plugin

Plugin to show the number of assigned issues with badge on top menu.

=== Plugin installation

1. Copy the plugin directory into the plugins directory.
   Please note that plugin's folder name should be "redmine_issue_badge".
   If changed, some migration task will be failed.
2. Do migration task.
  e.g. rake redmine:plugins:migrate RAILS_ENV=production
3. (Re)Start Redmine.

=== Uninstall

Try this:

* rake redmine:plugins:migrate NAME=redmine_issue_badge VERSION=0 RAILS_ENV=production

=== Required Settings

This feature is activated as one of the user preferences.

1. Login to your Redmine and go to "/my/account" page.
2. Enable the option, described as "Show number of assigned issues with badge".
3. After that, if you have assigned and opened issues, the number of issues is shown
   with badge.
4. Click badge and firt 5 issues are displayed.

That's all.

== Changelog

=== 0.0.3

* Display badge when responsive mode (#17).
* Enabled to activate badge for all the user on pluginn's configuration screen. (#3)
* Code Refactoring.
* Add scss file and npm script to compile scss.

=== 0.0.2

* Fix. Redmine not at root (#13).
* Fix. JS Bug (#5).
* Fix. Wrong CSS (#4).
* Merge PR: (#1) / Thank you so much, ykws!
* Add README_ja, GPL.txt
* Add rspec somple code for test.

=== 0.0.1

* First release

=== Repository

* https://github.com/akiko-pusu/redmine_issue_badge

=== License

This software is licensed under the GNU GPL v2. See COPYRIGHT and COPYING for details.

=== Author

Akiko Takano (Twitter: @akiko_pusu)